# SDIS²L (Software Distribution Disclaimer License) v1.4.3 ___ > The definition of "software" herein is any code, data, or logic system that constitutes the "software" with which this license is packaged, distributed, or associated with. This software is provided as is, without a warranty. = Under this license **any** user of this software(*you*) **is(*are*)** entitled to the following. - This is limited to: - - The **use** of the software. - The **modification** of the software in any way that suits your needs and/or purposes. - The **distribution** of the software with any other software as a **whole** or **part** as a **dependency**, **include**, **example**, or any **other purpose**. Under this license **any** user of this software(*you*) **is(*are*) not** entitled to the following. - This includes, but is not limited to: - - The **sale, barter or trade**(*or any method of obtaining profit with or from*) this software for profit(*personal or otherwise*). - The use of this software for any **destructive** or **dangerous purposes**. - The use of this software with **critical systems**. The creator maintains **all** copyright permissions granted to him/her under copyright laws for any **ideas**, **algorithms**, **structures**, or **code** used with/for/creation of this software. - The creator of this software is in no way responsible for any circumstances that arise from using this software. - These include but are not limited to: - - Socio-cultural action. - Legal action. - Loss or destruction of property. - Fines. By using this software you automatically agree to these terms (explicit or implicit). = >The creator of this software reserves the right to change these terms at any time and without notice. 
